# {{ workflow_name }}

This project was generated by the Switchboard CLI.

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.11+
- Terraform
- An AWS account with credentials configured

## AWS Configuration

Before you can deploy the project, you need to configure your AWS credentials.

You will need an access key and secret key from your administrator.
    
```bash
    aws configure
```

Your administrator should grant you permissions to manage Lambda, SQS, and DynamoDB resources. 
The specific permissions required are listed in the "Developer IAM Policy" section of the admin docs (link in section below).

## Setup for Administrators

Before a developer can deploy the project, an administrator must create certain IAM resources with the necessary permissions. 
The iam_policy.json file is provided on creation of a new project for convenience. It is safe to remove once the appropriate IAM resources are created.
[Details for the IAM resources setup can be found here.](https://github.com/osteensco/switchboard/blob/main/docs/admin.md)

__________________________________________________________

# Quick Start

## Project layout

You successfully ran the `sb new` command and depending on what language you chose, your project should now look something like this:

```
[project root]
   ├── executor
   │   ├── executor.py
   │   ├── tasks.py
   │   └── requirements.txt
   ├── workflow
   │   ├── workflow.py
   │   └── requirements.txt
   ├── .gitignore
   ├── iam_policy.json
   ├── README.md
   └── terraform/
```

### ! IMPORTANT !
<!-- TODO - delete this warning once secret terraform vars is fixed -->
**The switchboard_role_arn will be located in terraform/terraform.tfvars. Ensure that this file is not commited to version control. 
This should be automatically added to the .gitignore on project creation.**
__________________________________________________________

The `workflow` and `executor` directories will contain the source code for the workflow and executor lambda functions.

## Implementing your workflow

The workflow is where you will implement your orchestration logic. Trigger or execute your business logic using the `tasks` file in the executor directory.

## Packaging, Deployment, and Teardown
Once you have added your tasks and orchestration logic, you will need to package your workflow for deployment.
```
sb package
```

After packaging your project you can deploy it using the deploy command.
```
sb deploy
```

To remove your workflow from production and destroy the cloud components it consists of, use the teardown command.
```
sb teardown
```



